docs(stack): tighten enterprise trust language (#1499)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/protocol/architecture/prover/index.mdx

1. Corset takes in conflated trace data from the coordinator, and prepares it for the second part, gnark. 
2. gnark takes in that prepared, or "expanded", trace data, and uses it to produce a proof of the type that can be submitted to the finalization layer, such as Ethereum in the case of Linea Public Mainnet.

This provides cryptographic guarantees for state correctness without requiring third parties to

> re-execute transactions. The proof verifies correctness for transaction batches when accepted by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
re-execute transactions. The proof verifies correctness for transaction batches before being accepted by the
```
